Added missing predefined warning HANDLING_RELEASE_LOSS (#637)
VDA5050/VDA5050: VDA5050_EN.md

| BLOCKED | none | | Mobile robots shall not enter this zone. If a mobile robot has entered the zone or finds itself within one, it shall stop and throw an 'BLOCKED_ZONE_VIOLATION' error with level set to 'CRITICAL'.| 
| LINE_GUIDED | none | | No free navigation is allowed in this zone, mobile robots shall follow the predefined trajectories on edges. Mobile robots may only enter this zone if the route is explicitly specified by the fleet control in the form of a node-edge graph. Any movement of the mobile robot that requires it to enter this zone shall follow a predefined trajectory. When entering the zone, the mobile robot shall be on the trajectory of the edge that crosses the zone. The edges that enter and are inside the line-guided zone require a trajectory sent from the fleet control or a predefined trajectory on the mobile robot. A corridor can be sent to allow the mobile robot to deviate from the trajectory. | 
| RELEASE | | - | Mobile robots are only allowed entering this zone once they have been granted access through fleet control. | 

> | | releaseLossBehavior | string | Enum {'STOP', 'CONTINUE', 'EVACUATE'}<br>When the access to this zone is revoked or expired, while the mobile robot is in the zone, it can either 'STOP', 'CONTINUE', or 'EVACUATE' the zone. If not defined, the mobile robot is expected to STOP and report an error.<br>'STOP': Mobile robot stops and sends a 'RELEASE_LOST' error with level 'CRITICAL'.<br>'EVACUATE': Execute the evacuation behavior of the mobile robot to leave the zone, keeping the `zoneRequest` object granting release in its state until the zone is left, reporting a 'HANDLING_RELEASE_LOSS' error with level 'WARNING'.<br>'CONTINUE': Mobile robot continues its path, keeping the `zoneRequest` object granting the zone release in its state, reporting a 'HANDLING_RELEASE_LOSS' error with level 'WARNING'. If the order ends inside the zone, the mobile robot waits for a new order.|

Reviewer: Proposal:

```suggestion
| | releaseLossBehavior | string | Enum {'STOP', 'CONTINUE', 'EVACUATE'}<br>Defines the behavior of the mobile robot when the release for this zone is revoked or expires while the mobile robot is inside the zone. If not defined, the mobile robot shall behave as if 'STOP' was defined.<br>'STOP': Mobile robot stops driving and reports a 'RELEASE_LOST' error with level 'CRITICAL'.<br>'EVACUATE': Mobile robot executes its evacuation behavior to leave the zone. It keeps the request in its state with the requestStatus set to 'REVOKED' or 'EXPIRED' accordingly and reports a 'RELEASE_LOSS_HANDLING' error with level 'WARNING' until the zone has been left.<br>'CONTINUE': Mobile robot continues its path. It keeps the request in its state with the requestStatus set to 'REVOKED' or 'EXPIRED' accordingly and reports a 'RELEASE_LOSS_HANDLING' error with level 'WARNING' until either the zone has been left or the order has ended inside the zone. If the order ends inside the zone, the mobile robot waits for a new order.|
```

The interaction between the mobile robot and the fleet control for 'RELEASE' zones shall be according to Figure 16.

While the mobile robot remains in the 'RELEASE' zone, it keeps the `zoneRequest` object in its state and continues to report `requestStatus` as 'GRANTED' to inform fleet control that it is still inside the zone. After mobile robot has exited the zone, it shall remove the corresponding `zoneRequest` entry from its state message.

> In case the zone has not yet been entered and a response with `grantType` 'REVOKED' is received, or the `leaseExpiry` has passed, the mobile robot shall remove the request from its state and the zone shall not be entered. If the mobile robot is already inside the 'RELEASE' zone when the `leaseExpiry` has passed or the request is 'REVOKED', it shall react according to the `releaseLossBehavior` defined in the zone definition. It shall keep the request in its state, set to 'REVOKED' or 'EXPIRED', accordingly, until the zone is left or a new release is granted.

Reviewer: Proposal:

```suggestion
If the mobile robot has not yet entered the 'RELEASE' zone and either a response with `grantType` 'REVOKED' is received or the `leaseExpiry` has passed, it shall remove the request from its state and shall not enter the zone.
If the mobile robot is already inside the 'RELEASE' zone when a response with `grantType` 'REVOKED' is received or the `leaseExpiry` has passed, it shall react according to the `releaseLossBehavior` defined in the zone definition. It shall keep the request in its state with the `requestStatus` set to 'REVOKED' or 'EXPIRED' accordingly, until the zone has been left or a new release is granted. To re-enter the zone, the mobile robot shall issue a new request.
```

![Figure 16 Zone request behavior for a RELEASE zone.](./assets/request_release_zone_access.png)
>Figure 16 - Zone request behavior for a RELEASE zone.

The interaction between the mobile robot and the fleet control for 'COORDINATED_REPLANNING' zones shall be according to Figure 17.

The mobile robot shall choose one of the trajectories of all 'GRANTED' requests to the zone and set the corresponding `requestStatus`to 'GRANTED' while removing all other requests from its state.

> In case the zone has not yet been entered and a response with `grantType` 'REVOKED' is received, or the `leaseExpiry` has passed, the mobile robot shall remove the request from its state and not enter the 'COORDINATED_REPLANNING' zone. If the mobile robot is already inside the 'COORDINATED_REPLANNING' zone when the `leaseExpiry` has passed or the request is 'REVOKED', it shall stop driving and communicate this with an error of type 'RELEASE_LOST' and error level 'CRITICAL'. It shall keep the request in its state, set to 'REVOKED' or 'EXPIRED', accordingly, until the zone is left or a new release is granted. To continue, the mobile robot shall state a new request.

Reviewer: Proposal:
```suggestion
If the mobile robot has not yet entered the 'COORDINATED_REPLANNING' zone and either a response with `grantType` 'REVOKED' is received or the `leaseExpiry` has passed, it shall remove the request from its state and shall not enter the zone.
If the mobile robot is already inside the 'COORDINATED_REPLANNING' zone when a response with `grantType` 'REVOKED' is received or the `leaseExpiry` has passed, it shall stop driving and report an error of type 'RELEASE_LOST' with error level 'CRITICAL'. It shall keep the request in its state with the `requestStatus` set to 'REVOKED' or 'EXPIRED' accordingly, until the zone has been left or a new release is granted. To continue its path through the zone, the mobile robot shall issue a new request.
```

'DUPLICATE_MAP' | 'WARNING' | Receival of a map with `mapId` and `mapVersion` already existing. | `mapId` and `mapVersion` of duplicate | Until a new map related instantAction was accepted.
'BLOCKED_ZONE_VIOLATION' | 'CRITICAL' | Entering a 'BLOCKED' zone. | `zoneId` | Until the mobile robot is no longer violating the blocked zone.
'DUPLICATE_ZONE_SET' | 'WARNING' | Receival of a zone set with `zoneSetId` already existing. | `zoneSetId` or `actionId` of `instantAction` | Reasonable amount of time for the fleet control to notice that the zone update failed.

> 'HANDLING_RELEASE_LOSS' | 'WARNING' | Executing the release lost behavior after losing the release for a 'RELEASE' zone while within that zone. | `zoneId` | Until the mobile robot is no longer within the 'RELEASE' zone or is granted a the release again.

Reviewer: The errorType naming here does not fit well to the existing list. Proposal:

```suggestion
'RELEASE_LOSS_HANDLING' | 'WARNING' | Executing the release lost behavior after losing the release for a 'RELEASE' zone while within that zone. | `zoneId` | Until the mobile robot is no longer within the 'RELEASE' zone or is granted a the release again.
```

> 'RELEASE_LOST' | 'CRITICAL' | Stopping within a zone due to losing the release for a 'RELEASE' or 'COORDINATED_REPLANNING' zone while the mobile robot is inside the zone. | `zoneId` | Until the mobile robot is no longer within the zone or is granted the release again.

Reviewer: Proposal:

```suggestion
'HANDLING_RELEASE_LOSS' | 'WARNING' | Executing the 'EVACUATE' or 'CONTINUE' release loss behavior after losing the release for a 'RELEASE' zone while the mobile robot is inside the zone. | zoneId | Until the mobile robot has left the zone, is granted the release again, or the order has ended inside the zone.
'RELEASE_LOST' | 'CRITICAL' | Stopping due to losing the release for a 'RELEASE' or 'COORDINATED_REPLANNING' zone while the mobile robot is inside the zone. | zoneId | Until the mobile robot has left the zone or is granted the release again.
```

If a request is answered with 'GRANTED', the mobile robot is allowed to perform the requested operation in accordance with the semantics of the request type. If a `leaseExpiry` is present, the permission shall only be considered valid until this time. Fleet control can extend a lease by sending an updated response with the same `requestId` and a new `leaseExpiry`.

If a request is answered with 'REVOKED', or if the `leaseExpiry` is reached, the mobile robot shall act according to the `releaseLossBehavior` defined for the requested resource. 

> If the requested operation was already started, the mobile robot shall update the `requestStatus` accordingly ('REVOKED' or 'EXPIRED') and keep it in its state until the `releaseLossBehavior` is finished. If the requested operation was not started, the mobile robot shall remove the request from its state immediately.

Reviewer: Proposal:

```suggestion
If the requested operation has already been started, the mobile robot shall keep the request in its state with the `requestStatus` set to 'REVOKED' or 'EXPIRED' accordingly, until the release loss handling defined for the requested resource has been completed. If the requested operation has not been started, the mobile robot shall remove the request from its state immediately.
```
